[Applause]
[Music]
no hang on
you tell it for me take me if I can
choose where him if you want so what the
IRS say three years in prison you
haven't paid taxes since 94 Donny what
are we talking about 50 60 bucks 43,000
no you've got to come up with a way to
get this money holy cow that's my boy he
moved out when he turned 18 I haven't
seen him since he's one of the youngest
hedge fund managers in the financial
industry maybe your son can help you
[Music]
what are you doing here what's have a
guy with mrs. Schanz wins you were
basically the WORX know what I remember
is me having to drive you home from the
beach that time you were too drunk
somebody's Hammond they have another guy
drive home I was hate your drove
like a champ too huh give me another
chance get you know me a little bit what
the is water infused with cucumber
rose petal and iris indolent it tastes
like dick infused with balls
we can't let tonight in like this
[Music]
[Laughter]
don't forget you've got to go to prison
on Tuesday you got to get that money
actually just tryna be your dad right
now get the cake no that's a no
excuses fine buddy you gotta like stick
up be a show
ever since you showed up toss me that
feel like a different person I promise
you I'll never forget you again give me
a gift an earring but I don't have a
pierced year yeah and we're bleeding I
don't think so you puked on my dressing
and dick
[Laughter]
you